# e-cargo-thesis

Logistics is a big game both locally and internationally, because everything we use daily has been shipped and delivered across various destinations before it's sold and use. Partial truckload shipping is an under-utilized mode of transportation that avoids the cross-docking of LTL (less-than-truckload) shipments and can lead to the big savings and fast transit times of full truckload shipping. Shipping partial truckload volumes can be expensive if you are paying for a full container or trailer, to ship your smaller freight. My thesis idea targets to tackle the problem of not only, finding logistics service provider for a small business owners, but also truck owners whose main goal is to find clients to do individual point to point logistics. Individuals and Logistics Group will be able to use the web application which I will be developing, as a marketplace to post availability of their next logistic travel and all the other related details. Furthermore, business owners can see all the available trucks and the contact information of its owners. 

E-Cargo logistics web application provides coordination and scheduling of less-than-truckload (LTL) cargo or partial load freight to combine shipments from different individuals to create a full truckload. Freight class is not required for partial truckload shipping, which can help you avoid extra charges associated with freight re-classification if you happen to get it wrong. This lowers shipping costs for all business owners utilizing the E-Cargo.
